feat: add optional context and ShopwareEvent to business-layer events (#15830)
shopware/platform: UPGRADE-6.8.md

          type: 'mysql'
```

## Events require `Context` constructor parameter

> The following events now require `Context` as the last constructor parameter and implement `ShopwareEvent`. In 6.7, omitting `$context` triggers a deprecation notice. In 6.8, the parameter becomes required and the deprecated `getNullableContext()` method is removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following events now require `Context` as the last constructor parameter and implement `ShopwareEvent`.
The deprecated `getNullableContext()` method was removed.
```

**Dispatchers (constructing events):**
```php
// Before
$event = new ThemeAssignedEvent($themeId, $salesChannelId);

// After
$event = new ThemeAssignedEvent($themeId, $salesChannelId, $context);
```

> **Consumers (reading context) during 6.7 migration:**

Reviewer: this is not relevant for the 6.8 upgrade guide, as the migration is already done. maybe something for the release information
